[FEATURE] Styleguide for place names (#8)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-ContentAndMarketing: Documentation/Content/WritingStyleGuide.rst

Style guides can become very, very long. We keep this guide short to make sure you read it, but it means we only cover the most important topics. If you would like to read more about style and usage, check out `Jack Lynch’s Guide to Grammar and Style <http://jacklynch.net/Writing/>`__, read the `Google Developer Documentation Style Guide <https://developers.google.com/style/>`__, or buy the `Chicago Manual of Style <http://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/>`__ (after all, it is abbreviated CMS).

.. _assumptions:

General Assumptions
===================

.. _spelling:

Spelling
--------

> We write using American (US) spelling. That means we write color, rather than *colour, and use -ize endings, rather than *-ise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use American (US) spelling. That means we write color, rather than *colour, and use -ize endings, rather than *-ise.
```

.. _dictionary:

Dictionary
----------

If the spelling of a word is disputed, `Merriam-Webster’s Dictionary <https://www.merriam-webster.com/>`__ has the correct answer.

.. _buttons:

Buttons
=======

Buttons are capitalized using Title Case.

.. _comma-in-lists:

> Comma in Lists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commas in Lists
```

12 Sep. 2009

.. _numbers:

Numbers
=======

> Numbers are written using a dot “.” as decimal separator and comma “,” as thousands separator. We normally use max two decimals. The number of decimals used should reflect the text's need for accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numbers are written using a dot “.” as a decimal separator and comma “,” as a thousands separator. We normally use max two decimals. The number of decimals used should reflect the text's need for accuracy.
```

> The thousands separator can optionally be omitted for numbers 1,000–9,999.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The thousands separator can be omitted for numbers 1,000–9,999.
```

    Roses are red
    Violets are blue

.. _title-case:

Title Case
==========

We capitalize all principal words of a title, including the first and the last words. We do not capitalize articles, prepositions or conjunctions that have fewer than four letters, such as:

* a
* an
* and
* at
* but
* by
* for
* in
* nor
* of
* on
* or
* so
* the
* to
* up
* yet

> To avoid thinking, use the *AP* captialization at `capitalizemytitle.com <https://capitalizemytitle.com/>`__, and beware that we are using a somewhat simplified rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make things easy, use *AP* capitalization at `capitalizemytitle.com <https://capitalizemytitle.com/>`__, and be aware that we are using a somewhat simplified rule.
```
